
       MESH: Measuring Error between Surfaces with the Hausdorff distance

                         ------------------------

The MESH tool measures the distance between two discrete surfaces described as
triangular meshes. The topology of the meshes needs not be the same, arbitrary
topologies can be compared.

* Requirements
To compile the program the Qt libraries, version 2.3.0 or later with the
support OpenGL compiled in, are required. 
The Qt library source code can be downloaded for free at Trolltech's website 
(http://www.trolltech.com/developer/download ) for all the Unix-like systems. 
For Windows users, a precompiled Qt v2.3.0 is also available for free 
(provided it is used for non-commercial purposes). 
The MESH tool works identically with both *nix/Windows versions of Qt.

* Installation - Unix
The QTDIR environment variable should point to the QT installation directory.
Type 'make all' at the command prompt and the executable, mesh, will be
installed in the ./bin directory. To get a command line syntax, type
'./bin/mesh -h' at the command line prompt. The current Makefile requires
GNU make and supports Linux (with GCC) and IRIX (with the MIPSPro
compilers). Other systems might require some (hopefully minor) modifications.

* Installation - Windows
You *MUST* install the Qt library prior to any other step. Please note that 
you have to install it in a path that does not contain a space (e.g. not 
in 'C:\Program Files\Qt', but for instance in 'C:\Qt'). We provide the 
Micro$oft Visual C++ 6 dsp and dsw files needed to build the program.

* Input data format 
The input file format for the triangular meshes is a raw ASCII format or
VRML2. The raw ASCII format describes the vertices, the vertex connectivity
and optionally the vertex normals. The first line should contain two or three
decimal numbers with the number of vertices, the number of triangles and the
number of vertex normals (if they are present). If the vertex normals are
present, their number must equal the number of vertices. Follow the X, Y, Z
affine coordinates for each vertex and then the indices of the three vertices
of each triangular face. The vertex indices are zero based. If the vertex
normals are given follows the X, Y, Z affine coordinates of the vertex normal
vectors, in the same order as the vertices. The normal vectors should all be
normalized. The VRML2 parser reads IndexedFaceSet nodes, ignoring all
transformations, and does not support USE tags (DEF tags are ignored). Only
triangular meshes are accepted.

Please report any bugs to:

	Nicolas.Aspert@epfl.ch
	Diego.SantaCruz@epfl.ch
